my name is Kyle Baca my may 2013 Ashford
graduate and the winner of the 2014
Forbes school of business senior project
scholarship and just started my masters
with Ashford last month and I'm an
engineer for the BNSF Railway I found
out about the Forbes senior project
scholarship through my advisor actually
I was talking to him about going to grad
school and he advised me to apply for
the scholarship and I told me where to
find it online I know I've qualified for
the scholarship because once I visited
decided to lay out all the instructions
and qualifications and by being a either
a senior or someone who has just
graduated within the last 12 months I
was able to apply for it and I had a
about a 3.2 GPA applying for the Forbes
scholarship really didn't take very long
at all it was probably less than a two
minute process I went online found the
link for scholarships under admissions
there was two scholarships available so
it was easy to find to upload tabs one
for my senior capstone project that was
already done so it was easy to upload
and the other was for the letter of
intent well I went about choosing what
my topic was because i work for a class
1 railroad and have done so for 10 years
so it was pretty easy for me to read
concepts from working for the railroad
into what I was learning in the
classroom writing the capstone project
has impacted me personally I'm just by
researching my company and all of the
topics that I covered in my bachelor's
program gave me a different viewpoint on
management and the organization that I
work for as a whole
I think it definitely prepared me for
future role in the company for
researching the capstone project I think
a key for students is to write down a
good outline and then you can go through
and hit all your main bullet points and
the Ashford library is great for
researching information if you can't
find what you need i found that going in
and rephrasing what you're looking for
can bring up different search results
and that worked great for me for
researching for the letter of intent for
the forbes scholarship it's only a 250
word document briefly talking about what
you did in your bachelors program what
your goals are going to grad school and
basically what sets you apart from
everyone else like scholarship well I
definitely recommend all the seniors and
graduates that are within 12 months of
graduation to submit that capstone
project to the website because it's
definitely worth a shot at winning the
scholarship winning the Forbes
scholarship has allowed me to go ahead
and jump right into my grad degree I
wasn't sure what I wanted to do and
after after being the being select of
the winner just gave me that final push
to go ahead and jump in
you